# Prework - *Color Changer*

Submitted by: **Yunyun (Astoria) Li**

**Color Changer** is an app that allows users to change the background color as well as text colors using two separate buttons. It also displays the information of author, Yunun (Astoria) Li.

Time spent: **3** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] Users are see a screen with three labels and a button
- [ ] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color

The following **optional** functionality is completed:

- Improve the UI by giving texts a white background.
- Implement a way to change the color of the text as well.
 
## Video Walkthrough

Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. 

[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .

## App Brainstorming (Step 4)
- Example App: Instagram
    - Conversation Theme
    - Stories - auto delete after 24h
    
- Example App: Snapchat
    - Generate your own Snap sim
    - Delete after read
    
- Example App: Canvas
    - What-if report: see my grades clearly
    - Embedded messaging systems to my professor and TAs
    
App idea:
1. Driver's Permit Knowledfe Test Helper: I live in PA and was applying to driver's permit the other day. In order to have the permit I have to take a knowledge test, which consists of some multiple choice questions. All the questions are on a guidebook published by PA DMV. However, when reviewing the questions, I realized that it was really hard to keep track of the questions I got wrong. So I am planning to create an App that has all of the questions listed. Users can choose to do them one by one, or take practice tests randomly generated by the App. Users can also favorite their questions and the App will keep a record of which questions were wrong. I think it should be useful for test practising.
2. Diary Exchange App: I had a really hard time due to the passing of a close friend. My therapist recommended me to go on online forums and find people who may be going through the same problem in their life, as it helps me get better. I am thinking I can create an App that allows users to write and upload some short texts about their moods, what happened in their life etc., and the App will find someone with the similar thought (if it's too hard, it can also be anyone who's active on the App during that time) and exchange their diaries. Users can choose to start a conversation anonymously or not.

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

- The intructions confused me a little. I refered to the Slack channel for prework hekp and solved the problem.

## License

    Copyright [2023] [Yunyun Li]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
